[fix] docs: update admonitions for new syntax (#2434)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/api_docs/_index.md

Returns status code 200 and body `echo` when the query frontend is up and ready to receive requests.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Meant to be used in a Query Visualization UI like Grafana to test that the Tempo datasource is working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meant to be used in a Query Visualization UI like Grafana to test that the Tempo data source is working.
```
